Update readme.md (#18)
wso2-extensions/identity-verification-onfido: samples/react-sample-app/README.md

### Prerequisites
- Ensure you have `Node.js` installed (version 10 or above).

> - Ensure that a user account is created via the console, and the *first name*, *last name*, and *date of birth* are correctly set to match the details on the document that will be used for verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure that [a user account is created through the WSO2 Identity Server console](https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/guides/users/manage-users/#onboard-single-user), and the *first name*, *last name*, and *date of birth* are correctly set to match the details on the document that will be used for verification.
```
